no other whale deliberately beaches
itself in this way all has perfected
this method of getting back to the sea
as long as the sea lions stay well up
the beach you might think they would be
safe but the hungry whales are very
daring
now several of the whales are hunting in
a group
that salon is keeping just ahead of one
of the whales but was caught by another
it probably hadn't seen
this savage beating maybe two separate
hide from flesh
but very often the successful hunter
takes its victims straight out to sea
without even killing it
and there it plays with its catch as if
it were exalting in triumph
[Music]
to get all the food it needs a killer
whale must catch at least three seal and
pups a day and everyday throughout the
breeding season this group of skilled
highly intelligent hunters do just that
you